hi guys welcome to belladonna's fashion
and wait guess who's here happens
separation happens hey I wasn't happy to
be back
and she's really happy I'm here kind of
she is she's just very fake right now
what she is not she is okay anyway
moving on beyond today we are gonna make
a good DIY that's ready for the summer
it's summer here in the Philippines it's
gonna be summer over there in the States
so today we'll be making a barefoot
level yes it's very very very very cute
I can assure you you that and these
things you can find it mostly in gift
shops and you know and gift shops are
quite expensive and you know why because
you can't find it everywhere but the
materials you can see everywhere so
that's what we're gonna show you how to
do babies so watch
the materials that you will need our
beads a centerpiece some charms string
and a pair of scissors first thing that
you'll need to do is take your string
and tie a knot on your second toe then
start adding on your beads take your
centerpiece and connect it you can
choose any centerpiece just check your
craft stores or old necklaces for ideas
next thing you need to do is make two or
three bracelets use any color or kind of
beets that you want it's really up to
you and wear it around your ankles
next connect your string from the
centerpiece to the bracelets and edie on
beads
I attach two more strings with beads on
the side to make it look more cute last
thing you need are charms you may attach
these on your bracelet like this you'll
need pliers just in case things get
tricky so this is what it looks like
just be creative and just mix and match
any beads that you want you'll do fine
so there you have it guys that was our
very own DIY barefoot sandal I hope you
guys enjoyed our video oh my feet anyway
you can do any kinds of versions you can
use chains different charms just look it
up on tumblr or we hard it for
inspiration and we have an exciting news
for you guys
check these tops right here sale on our
website i'm triple w dot it girl comm
dot p a check that out so yeah guys
that's about it give us a thumbs up I'm
Corey hi I'm Doreen and this is
belladonna's fashion hi guys welcome to
belladonna's fashion and confine in the
craft stores but perhaps are not do this